1. I have yet to solve any real technical issues for a customer, but I recently attended a hackathon where I was the most experienced coder on my team. That meant there were lots of technical problems that my team members ran into that I was able to help with and offer some mentorship while I was at it!
There were two people on my team who were working with APIs for the very first time, and didn't know where to start. They tried to follow the docs and searched stack overflow and ended up with a bunch of copy and pasted code that they didn't understand. I was able to help break it into pieces and explain the basic structure of making an api request, which then made it much easier to see what was missing and what was unneccessarily complicated. By looking up what we needed in the docs, we were able to put together a properly formatted API request that gave us the results we were looking for.


2. When I built Skip To My Loo, my team and I had the goal of making a CRUD app that followed all the best practices in web development. We created RESTful routes for each of our controllers, made sure there was as little logic as possible in our views, broke up large methods into single-responsiblity modular code, and completely planned out our schema before making any migrations. We practiced many good design choices which made building the app really quick and easy, and left us with plenty of time to add fun features. All of the design choices we made were very important and played a big part in making this project come together smoothly, and they've become a habit that I stick to in all my coding projects. If I were to pick a favourite design choice from Skip To My Loo, it would have to be RESTful routing. Using it as a skeleton for all the routes is a great place to start for any project, and it's really quick to set up get running. I've come to appreciate the readability of it, too. It is much easier to pick up a RESTful app and know what's going on than it is to try to read code that doesn't follow RESTful conventions!